production of 50 thousand pieces per month more than two thousand customers
brazil more than 200 employees the quality in flexibility in the production
commitment to the customer
one of the most important brazilian uniforms manufacturers
be close as one of them in professional uniforms
be the first
installed in 1997 in apucarana paraná at the southern command in its
factory complete structure
with new and modern machinery that speed up production both in speed
quality of product finishes.
with the result all types of uniforms from the administrative and
the most elaborate uniforms intended for
job
among them the protective clothing of fire for pelé triple agents
chemical
before this old water and oil repellents among other substances
specialized company
inform yourself
to elaborate all
with the need of its clients following a strict control of
quality
after all each client
has a need to boot
not different
a dress
guarantees the protection of life
the professional at work
the quality
is a trademark of the work that is common
one of them developed
proof of that
it is the receipt of the seal which
in the Brazilian self-regulation of professional clothing aimed at
to qualify companies in the
to guarantee quality, social responsibility, forget the
aggression to the environment
the conversation works as a partner of your clients, monitoring and
training of your customers' employees
for orientation of
or use the uniforms correctly provides
all the more security to the worker
the excellent sales team made up of telemarketing
strategically located representatives
and serve quickly throughout the national territory
are more than two thousand customers served throughout Brazil
the deliveries have an efficient logistics system
to provide timely security on product delivery
the current average production
is 50 thousand pieces a month but the commanders want to grow and already think
future
the goal is to double in branding production capacity
with the new headquarters project that will be inaugurated until 2011
the new plant will be installed in a large field of 10,000 and 600 meters
square meters and with three thousand five hundred square meters of constructed area
the new headquarters will include modern installations with natural ventilation
landscaping 'recreational restaurant for the employees' children
beyond the quality of its products
they also care about the quality of life of their employees
are experienced players
this way one of the most important manufacturers of professional uniforms
from the country
the conversation with professional editors
destined for the good of life